my young little my young nigga he can't
read write put up paying up put you in a
casket that young nigga never buddy keep
a bag my nigga my gun nigga ain't do no
timetables or even do the fishing my
young nigga
Oh for the game I a Robin
banging Ocean and moving boom Oh seeds
ain't no G there's some young niggas
tutorial in May ar-15 young niggas
placed a fly brand new 750 fly super
clean I caught it tied up smoking on the
troll that shit you smoke a lot I'm
smoking on that kill that shit you smoke
it off y'all niggas killing killing I've
been watching this 89 y'all niggas reps
is all lies I'm really from that side
recipes baby midnight raid my nigga
Chiefs Crary talking with that I buy
fish landing hold up wait a minute I got
a repeat that a lot Coco's and fish land
nigga right by the luncheonette my young
be sure my job niggas from the Westside
no mas are back we fuckin hills and
tossing we proud nigga some crosses we
pull up to your bitch and step out and
start flossing let's keep this on the up
enough up from the pygmies what we fuck
these bad bitches with bad asses in
today's that big side five a rock before
them train tracks mestizo and Bosco lump
up above those stay strapped right
before I jump the post in their pack
outs with pick six rough dog in Angelo
check upon his shooting leave your ass
in the tush don't you win the truck a
wheel beat your bitch ass
reading right put on top take your life
right now nigga
put you in a caste that young nigga
never drove the car buddy keep Magnum I
got nigga Mike young nigga came to know
timetables or even do the fishing not
that young nigga keeps me young nigga my
young nigga gonna go out with a bang
ready to die tonight now all for the
game are young men but back my jungle
burner in the backpack I even got a ass
here clap dad noun a stacks he went down
to the shoe string bang on a nigga foot
a blue team way run upon the nigga take
it so is high too thin mask up there's
no discussion
hoppin a whippin y'all bust while y'all
niggas don't fight fair cuz it's one
swing made yo my nigga don't have dreams
my lord nigga spring fuck living told
him to comment down he said from prison
damn he'll be tripping smartest dude was
like 25 he's supposed to be in middle
school he doing trying 5 he kind of man
he already got tatted tear by his eyes
he's
fuck school come back with me on
Westside young nigga my young nigga he
can't read right with a poor lad dang
right take your life right now nigga my
young nigga put you in the casket that
young nigga never drove it
buddy keep mag my young nigga my nigga
painted no timetables or even knew the
fishing that young nigga keeps me young
nigga my young nigga don't go out with a
bang and ready to die tonight man off
for the game our young